= machines

* http://github.com/tallakt/machines

== DESCRIPTION:

A library for creating machine controllers (typically controlled by a PLC)
in Ruby.

The aim is not to replicate the ways you would work with a PLC, but to 
provide tools to implement these tasks using Ruby in a Ruby way.

The Plan is to support the following aspects

* Continuous signals discrete and analog with callback updates
* Common timers
* Possibility to run tests i accelelrated time
* Machine state persistence in ActiveRecord - update code while running or have hot standbys
* Rails like scripts to create machine skeletons and install them on their servers
* State machines
* Modbus communication with PLCs and remote IO stations, modbus server options

Future functionality

* OPC UA SOAP and binary conenctivity

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

This is still a proof of concept stage library. Although I make an effort to
test code automatically as I go along, there are currently no systems in use
based on this library.

Much functionality is still missing. The library structure will change 
frequently in future releases. Code is not commented - this will be 
performed if this turns out to be a viable concept.

== SYNOPSIS:

  FIX (code sample of usage)

== REQUIREMENTS:

* rbtree

...probably some more

== INSTALL:

* FIX (sudo gem install, anything else)

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 FIXME full name

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
